What is the purpose?
To extract a bunch of functions from the StackO data dump for use with Critter

Does something else have higher priority?
Nope

What is the first step?  second?
For each code snippet
  Find matching code
    turn it into a block
    for now just extract any functions
      or wrap code in functions

what if I hit `rm -rf /`?
  run everything on a vm
  blacklist certain functions if they have a bad effect
    would have to somehow detect these bad effects
    worry about this later
    am I really going to run a bunch of unknown code?
      what's the worse that could happen?
        access someone else's private account
        incur legal liability
        don't allow machine to make external http requests
        probably not morally acceptable to run a ton of random code
        sandboxing
          pain
        spot check
        manually review every function before including it
          fine for now

start with just python


How are you going to test this?
will use it to build software

How is this going to work in production?
going to walk through each stacko post
going to find code snippets
going to write them each to a file
going to transform those files into block format


How can we divide up the work?

I can do it
Maybe later get help with the whitelisting

What are the input formats?

stacko code snippets

What are the output formats?

python code blocks

Is this change going to break existing processes?

no existing processes

Is there an easier way?  (avoid coding)

manually copy-paste
better for initial starting

Is it worth it?
Can I adapt something that already exists?
Do I have enough time to see it through to completion?
Can I preempt any blockers?
  - big downloads, IT, app store reviews
Is there anyone I can ask for advice?
  - Is there a similar PR I can look at?
  - Are there any docs for this system?
What are the risks?
How can we track usage?
  - Add logging with timestamps
Make sure everyone knows what they are doing
  - Have the mobile team reviewed the plan?
How are we going to integrate with other systems?
Are there concurrency issues?
How could this be done faster?
  - Have the person who owns that part of the code do it
Do you know what all the terms mean?
  - "Post evaluation" comes before "Fixit"
What are the edge cases?
  - One item towards the bottom of the FAQ contains a bulleted list
Can you enable ops to drive the content?
Are any significant events coming up?
  - Other project needs to launch in the middle of this one.
Get design reviewed
Is product ok with the plan?
  - Sometimes they would rather get something quick and dirty.
Create a diagram
Are we following the spec exactly?
  - The spec had camelCase but it should've had underscores.
Do I have a fast feedback loop?
  - Had to wait two minutes for a Hive query to run after every change.
Is anyone else working on the same thing?
  - Anomaly detection stepped on Data Science toes.
Is this legal?
